So you want to support the network and run a node?

You can run a fee node. This node will be picked up by our network as a supporting node for our wallets.
You can set your fee when you start your node and anyone using that node, the fee money will come to you.
So how do we get started?

1st things 1st. a Node can only be on a server that is available 24/7 and always online. Any nodes not deem fit will be removed from the network.
You need to get a server 1st.
You can obtain one here.

Once you registered your account go ahead and buy a droplet. They range from 5-50 USD a month. Please use a droplet with at least 2 gig ram and 40Gig drive space.
your O.S should be Ubuntu 18 or 20
There are a few things you should do before you follow the build instructions below.
Make sure your droplet(server) is up-to-date 
run 
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get upgrade

Then proceed to build our coin from source see below and follow instructions.
once the build is complete you can start the server for a test
cd cpacoin/build/release/src
that should put you in the cpa directory
we need to make a file to start our daemon 1st
type nano daemon.sh
copy the following below into the file


#!/bin/sh
echo "running script"
./cpacoind --enable-cors "*" --rpc-bind-ip 0.0.0.0 --rpc-bind-port 13281 --enable-blockexplorer --enable-blockexplorer-detailed --fee-address cpZxRsnRTUe3riq6mW81RyRWx2BSNcU4Z51jnXUNivH27mRBCsP55vtcmfxpReLHtdF9FVBqvzQwAFgaWefKZWpa2ZqfoQMtu --fee-amount 550000

Of course replace your address with the one above
hit Ctrl X and save the file

now you can test and see if the file runs by typing
./daemon.sh 
enter

This should start the daemon.
once its synced you can shut the daemon down for the following steps to complete.
we need to open your firewall
We use ufw firewall program
sudo apt-get install ufw
we need to add the following ports very important step

ufw allow 22 (your ssh)
enter
ufw allow 13281 (cpa com port)
enter

then type 
ufw enable
enter
it will come up with a warning about your current connection. if you did add port 22 you will be okay just say yes

now we need to keep the daemon running even after restarting
for this we are going to install a little program called pm2
npm install -g pm2@latest
pm2 startup
pm2 start daemon.sh --name cpa-coin-daemon -i max
pm2 save

you can type pm2 l (this will show what’s running and if its up or down)

That is it your node should be visible via the I.P
http://your-ip:13281/info

You can create a domain name for it on the cpa network contact Siluro in discord for more info
yourname.cryptopayafrica.org.za



